John,

I enjoyed talking with you earlier. Thanks for making the time. 

I mentioned that I would follow up on your closing questions that we didn't quite have time for. I'll try to keep my answers reasonably brief. Here goes:


Q: What are your aspirations and goals at R/GA?

I'm extremely excited by a simple goal: making cool stuff!  To put that in a slightly more articulate way, I love creating engaging and exciting experiences for large audiences, and I love the Web. To me, R/GA represents a huge opportunity to not only work with talented designers and developers, but also to gain an opportunity to work on ambitious and innovative projects. The ability to attract clients who are courageous enough to pursue this kind of work is huge draw. 

Also, recently I have very much enjoyed helping teams of developers to execute well. I derive great satisfaction from uniting a team and enabling them to do what they are best at. The prospect of leaving my dev team at The Team is something that I struggled with during early conversations with R/GA as I am tremendously proud of them. The opportunity at R/GA London seems like a good fit however, as there is a growing team of talented developers who I understand to be in need of some direction and leadership. I'd love to be part of growing that group in capability and reputation.


Q: What are your interests outside of work?

Well, first of all, I am a massive geek!  I enjoy attending technical conferences and am trying to do more conference speaking as well as attending. The conversations around conferences and the feeling of being part of the community is something I enjoy. I also love to travel. I have family in San Francisco who I visit each year which eats up a lot of my holiday allowance, so I'm often limited to shorter more localised breaks. Thankfully much of Europe is within easy reach of where I live just north of London.

Skiing is a particular passion. Again, with Europe on my doorstep, I get to the Alps as often as I can with a group of friends who my wife and I regularly ski with. Ambitions push us towards skiing in Denver each year, but we've only managed that once so far.

I love to cook. And I love to eat! As I get older, those two activities seem to be moving many, more healthy hobbies out of the way. Basketball and squash being notable casualties in that struggle for time.  I play golf poorly, but in good spirits, and (to my wife's dismay) I'm enthusiastically learning to play the ukulele. 


Thanks once again for finding the time for our conversation. I very much hope to be able to join the R/GA family.

Cheers,
Phil
